-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
@G   Greed Island @yis a fictional video game in Hunter x Hunter. It is played
on the "Joystation", a video game console, is out of print, and sells at
auctions for at least 8 billion Jenny. The game transports its players'
physical bodies into the world of Greed Island, only releasing them when they
die (at which point they die in "real life" too), when they win, or when they
use a special card in the game that lets them out. It can only be played by
people who can use Nen. In actuality, it is a real place, an island located
east of the Yorbian continent.

   Greed Island was first released in the World of Hunter x Hunter in 1987,
created by Ging Freecss and his associates. It was produced and sold by
Marilyn Inc. According to the Hunters' Tavern website, the difficulty level
to get the game used be at H-class (easiest) since it's already available on
public auctions, but because of the sheer high price it's been raised to
G-class (easy).

All players will have a ring that allows them to use two keyword hatsus in
the game: (and is also required to join the game)

@c1. @GBook@c - by saying the keyword "Book", it will cause a Card Binder to
materialize for the card binder.

@c2. @GGain@c - by saying the keyword "Gain" an item in its card form will
turn back into its material form or return to its card form again.

Font: @Chttp://hunterxhunter.wikia.com/wiki/Greed_Island@n

@y   In @Gapril 2016@y this Mud project was started by Henque, the objective
is reproduce the same experience of the manga/anime. Make people do their own
Hunter character, with a specified aura type and use spell cards, fight
monsters and confront players to beat the game.

   It is a competitive RPG card game, unfortunately the "social" part of was
sacrificed for give most real feeling of living in an real Greed Island.
Enjoy.

By Henque@n 

*** PRESS RETURN: 